# Company Culture | Simon Sinek

- **頻道**：Simon Sinek
- **平台**：youtube
- **時長**：2 分鐘
- **來源**：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QL2e24CZC4U
- **轉錄方式**：subtitle

## 轉錄內容

So I think the concept of leadership is one of the most misunderstood concepts in business. Quite frankly, we think about leadership as a rank or position like I'm in leadership. The question is are you a leader? Leadership is the awesome responsibility to see those around us rise. It is a skill set that needs to be learned and practiced. Most of us the way we have achieved our leadership position or rank is because we were good at the job. The problem is that's not your job anymore. You know, when we're super junior, the organizations we work for give us tons of training how to do our jobs. Some of us go to college and how to do our job. If you're an architect, you have to go to school to learn how to be an architect. And if you're really good at your job, they'll promote you until you reach a position where you're now responsible for the people who do the job you used to do, but they don't teach us how to do that. And so, the reason we get managers and not leaders is because we don't get taught how to do our new job called leadership. When leaders take themselves on, when leaders uh become students of leadership, you'll find that all of the traditional metrics that we try and push and you know and drive every day go up, productivity goes up, engagement goes up, uh uh innovation goes up. Um I think it's very funny. Uh I love uh I love organizations that when they write their values on the wall, you know, it's like integrity, innovation, you know, honesty. By the way, if you have to write honesty on the wall, you've got bigger problems. Um but those those things are not things you can do. Those are the result of things. You can't walk into someone's office and say, "Lynn, a little more a little more innovation from you today, please." Like, what are you supposed to do? And so, it's not a value. A value is is is a is a behavior. >> And the better we understand our values and the better we incentivize to behavior, the stronger your culture. And the stronger your culture, the more innovation you get, the more integrity you get, the more productivity you get, the more uh uh uh uh engagement you get. My favorite definition of culture is culture equals values plus behavior. So values number one needs to be written as verbs. It's not integrity, it's do the right thing. It's not innovation. It's find a new way to solve a problem. It's not honesty. It's tell the truth which are which are behaviors and we can incentivize and reward to those behaviors. And the people who are best at embodying those values, those are the ones that we should promote into leadership positions because those are the ones that set the example of of how we how we work here.
