# A Bit of Optimism Will Return In The New Year

**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zn5v9oFcZv0

**Channel:** Simon Sinek

---

## Transcript

 This year has been a wonderful year for a bit of optimism.  It's been a sheer joy for me to sit down and record this podcast and I know full well that  it wouldn't be as great as it is if it wasn't for you, the listener.  So I want to give you a big heartfelt thank you for making a bit of optimism what it  is.  If you listen to one episode or every episode that you have been out there sharing the ideas  embracing the ideas if you've sent a YouTube link to a friend or shared a clip on social  you've played a part in helping spread the message of optimism.  Thank you.  And like so many of you we at a bit of optimism are also going to take a break for the holidays.  We will be back in the new year with new episodes starting January 27th with new  and wonderful guests that you won't want to miss.  Until then if you'd like something to listen to whether you're staying at home or traveling  there's a few of my favorite episodes that I encourage you to go back and listen to if  you miss them the first time or maybe even listen to them again if you did hear them.  One of my absolute favorite ones is with my dear friend and CEO of Barry Waymiller  Bob Chapman.  We traveled to one of the factories in Phillips Wisconsin where I got to talk  to Bob and meet some of his people.  Learning his factory is a lesson to all of us about what work could be like in fact what  work should be like.  If you are looking for a little creative inspiration check out my conversation with  Grammy Award winner Jacob Collier.  He has lots of fun ideas and to see his mind buzz is nothing short of creatively inspiring.  And then of course one of my favorite people to talk to Trevor Noah.  He and I sit down and have a hilarious and very cerebral conversation that will stretch  your mind challenge your assumptions and make your head hurt in a good way I promise you.  They think we're just like walking around from room to room like  But in reality it's depression that's what they think.  Again thank you to all of you who have helped support a bit of optimism and I look  forward to hitting the ground running in 2026 with new ideas new opportunities to  learn and more conversations that I know you're going to love.  Until then wishing you all very happy holidays, happy new year, take care of yourself, take  care of each other.
