# Courage Comes From Friendship

**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZX1yAQwPQg

**Channel:** Simon Sinek

---

## Transcript

 It is very hard to lead. It's very hard. It's lonely and it's thankless,  and the pressures are often overwhelming. And I think the courage to do the right thing,  the courage to make the decision that needs to be made, the courage to speak truth to power,  the courage to say what you don't know, the courage to ask for help, these are excruciatingly  difficult things in practice, easy to say on a stage, right? And then that's very closely  tied with integrity, which is to make the decision that needs to be made is versus the one that  everybody's pushing you to make. And the funny thing about ethics is we all kind of know what they are,  you know, it's actually not a very, and the law is a lower standard than ethics.  I'm tired of companies making horrible decisions and they trot them out in front of Congress  and they all say the same thing, we didn't break any laws. It's like if you have the  patent to an essential drug, and you try to hit your financial goal, so you raise the price of  that drug a thousand percent, there's nothing illegal about that. And then launch crypto things  after that guy. Yeah, exactly. It's not illegal, but it is unethical. And I think courage and  integrity of all the people that I've met, that it's not that they make all the right  decisions, but they command a respect like I have never seen from other people,  it's those things. I'll give you one example of how it sounds. A buddy of mine in the military  is still active duty. I was supposed to go visit him on base just to hang out. And he called me  and said, you can't come. I had a thing I got to deal with. And what happened was some young  officers went off base, which is allowed, they went out, they went out eating and drinking,  which is totally fine. And they had a young enlisted woman with them. And it's against  the military code of conduct for an officer to have a relationship with an enlisted person  for discipline reasons and all of that. And one of the young officers, a male,  was driving the car and he was nervous that when he came on base that he would get pulled  over by the cops for breathalyzer for drunk driving. And so he told the young enlisted woman to drive.  So she took the wheel, they drove on base, they got pulled over by the cops, she got  breathalyzed and she got arrested for drunk driving. Turns out two of them were dating,  you know, a whole host of bad there. He's an officer, it's just whole hosts of bad.  And these officers, these young men had now ruined their careers  and they were going to be thrown out of the school that they were in, which is  Air Force Top Gun, the top 1%, right? And my buddy's in charge, my buddy's the commandant  of all of Air Force Top Gun. So he has to talk to them. I call them up a few days later,  I say, how'd it go? And what he said was remarkable. So if that was you and me,  and we had to sit down with them one by one, what I would say, what most people would say  is, what were you thinking? How can you be so stupid? You have thrown your career away.  What were you thinking? You idiot, you know better, is probably what I would say. That's not  what he said. He said, do you have any idea how many people you've let down? He said,  your senior officers who nominated you for this position, you've let them down.  Your parents who supported you to get to this place, you've let them down.  Your commanding officer who's there with you every day, you've let them down.  Do you realize how many people you have let down with your behavior?  Which is way harder, right? And my point is he wasn't criticizing the fact that they did  something stupid. He was criticizing the quality of their integrity. And that's what I mean.  When there's a leader with integrity who owns up to the mistake they made, who says,  I fell asleep on watch, that's on me. And I'm really attuned to integrity and accountability.  I'm really attuned. Like when a project goes sideways and the leader in charge of that project  attempts to say it's not that bad. Or the leader of that project says,  I know why it happened. It's because of this other person. As opposed to going, it happened on my watch.  I'm really attuned to people who say that's on me. Because that's all integrity. Courage and  integrity is what gets you accountability. If you don't have courage and you don't have integrity,  you don't take accountability. Because saying I screwed up at the expense of the company,  at the expense of my coworkers is excruciatingly difficult. So if you push me on that  question, I'm going to say courage and integrity. Now it raises the question, where does courage come  from? Here's what I've learned where courage comes from. I do not believe that courage is deep internal  fortitude. Dig down deep and find the courage. I just don't think that's true. Because the  people I've met who truly have courage, courage that we don't have, if you ask them, why did  you do it, they all say the same thing. Because they would have done it for me.  If you ask them why did you do it, it's because the fear of letting somebody down is worse than dying.  If you ask them why did you do it, it's because they know that someone has their back and would  do the same for them. And so what I've learned is that courage comes from relationships. That  all you need is one person in your life, one, who says to you, I got you. I got you. If this  whole thing goes sideways, I'll still be there with you. Or they'll put their hand on your shoulder  and say, you got this. You got this. I know you can do this. You have to do this. That was what  my friend said to me. He said, you have no choice, but he didn't say to me, go. The underlying  message was, I am with you. You will not alone. I felt alone before I called him. I did not  feel alone after I called him. And when you know that there's one person in your life,  I don't care if they're your business partner, I don't care if they're your hired employee,  I don't care if it's your spouse, I don't care if it's your best friend. If you have one person  in your life who you know without a shadow of a doubt has your back, no matter what stupid  decisions you make, the amount of courage you have to do the right thing is incredible.  So this is why I'm so fascinated with and so obsessed with are we good at fostering friendship?  And most of us don't. Most of us are crap at being friends. And let me tell you,  the better friend you are, the better friends you have, and the better friends you have,  the more courage you have to do the most difficult things in the world like build a business.
