# How You Attract The Right People

**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4DP06S7Q18

**Channel:** Simon Sinek

---

## Transcript

 Any Marines in the audience here?  Yeah.  There we go.  Okay.  The Marine Corps is extremely good at recruiting to its values, right?  As a result, Marines tend to be of an ilk, right?  They tend to...  And if you ask Marines, which I've gone and asked sort of Marines, why did you become  a Marine?  They'll say, well, I wanted to serve my country.  I'm like, well, I got options for you.  Well, I wanted to be in the infantry.  I still have options for you.  Why'd you choose the Marine Corps?  They said, because it was the most difficult thing I could find.  Marines for a huge portion of Marines are either trying to prove something to  themselves or to others that they could do something difficult, right?  This is a true story.  A bunch of recruiters were in a high school trying to recruit kids for the military.  The Air Force recruiter stood up and gave a beautiful power point about why the  Air Force is an amazing organization and why you should join the Air Force.  The Army recruiter stood up and said, no, let me tell you why the Army's better.  Beautiful power point.  Why the Army was so great.  The Navy recruiter stands up at beautiful power point.  Why the Navy is so great.  You know, they're all selling.  The Marine recruiter stands up, no power point, no nothing.  He stands on the edge of the stage and he looks out at this room  of kids and he says, no, I don't think any of you are good enough to be in  the Marine Corps.  He says, you have to understand the Marines is the most difficult thing you'll  ever do in your life.  It'll challenge you physically and emotionally more than anything else has  ever challenged you and I don't think there's a single person in this room  good enough to be in my Marine Corps.  If you think I'm wrong, I'll be at the back of the room.  And what he's doing is he's putting up a filter.  He's putting up a filter saying, I'm looking for a kind of person and  if you're that kind of person, you'll do well here.  And so the question is, if it's a difficult job, are we saying to people,  you know, this goes back, you know, the story of Ernest Shackleton.  Ernest Shackleton, he, he, a very famous explorer back in the  turn of the century and he was famous for a shipwreck they had in the,  what was it, the South Pole, North Pole, one of the poles.  A lot of ice.  And the reason the story is important, they were stranded on the ice for  months and months and months and no one died, no stories of people eating  each other.  And the way he recruited his crew is he, he said men looking, he says,  men needed for hazardous journey, long hours, bitter cold, dark nights,  if survival on our guaranteed.  He recruited people who had that grit, not just people who had sailing  experience.  And so it's the same thing, are we recruiting people, are we saying,  if you're looking for a challenge, if you're looking to push yourself,  or if you're looking to work at a pace that will make other people,  their head spin, we might have a job for you.  Oh, and if you really love to serve each other, if you'd like to serve a  cause bigger than yourself, please apply.  It's a filter, it keeps the wrong people out and attracts the right  people in.  And so there's no lies, it's going to be a difficult job but we're  recruiting for people who like that.
