# The Secret to Apple's Success

**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33aI53-vo5Y

**Channel:** Simon Sinek

---

## Transcript

 Apple talked about think different.  Who are they describing?  Their customers or their employees?  The answer is yes.  The answer is I believe what you believe I don't work for you  or I believe what you believe I want to buy from you.  Okay, Steve Jobs was a multi-billionaire  to whom we cannot relate.  And when he died, average people laid wreaths  at retail stores.  That makes no sense.  It's because he said something  that captured something for us,  which is stand up to big brother,  which is why he appealed to creative people and young people.  Because creative people and young people  kind of love the idea of standing up to big brother.  And you only ever see individuals in the commercials.  One person versus the machine.  And it's called iMac, not because it's on the internet,  it's because it's me.  It's I, right?  Or Southwest Airlines, Southwest Airlines.  Southwest Airlines stands freedom,  you are free to move about the country,  just power to the common man.  It is an every man populist message.  I do not like flying Southwest Airlines.  I'm happy to pay more money,  to have my seat assigned to me,  and I'm guaranteed to get my window.  I really, really like that model.  I don't like standing in line,  hoping I get a seat that I like.  However, I love Southwest Airlines' message  and I will preach from the treetops  how wonderful I think they are,  even though I will pay money not to fly their product.  So you don't even have to like the product  to want to champion the cause.  So if crypto got its message right,  it doesn't matter whether I'll use it,  it doesn't matter whether I'll benefit from it,  it doesn't matter if I understand it.  If I relate to your cause,  I will stand on the treetops and say,  I think that is the greatest thing ever  and I think we should all pay attention to it,  even if it's not for me.  And the fact that I'm struggling to understand,  either I'm not, I don't share your beliefs,  which I don't think is right  because a lot of my friends are in the business  and I like them and I like their values.  So that can't be right.  So maybe where it's falling apart  is it's not being clearly articulated to me  in terms that I can emotionally relate to.  When you talk about a system or a product  like moving this from here to that,  it's rational and great wise,  great causes are emotional.  We, the people, ask not what your country can do for you,  ask what you can do for your country.  I have a dream that one day little black children  will play on the playground with little white children.  These are deeply, deeply emotional messages  that you interpret through your own lens  and you ascribe value to yourself  even though it's not there for you in the first place.  And the fact that I would interpret your why  into my world, it means it's succeeding.  So it might be a brilliant paper,  but the question has it been distilled  to a simple understand, just do it.  You know, think different  that helps me emotionally connect to it.  It's deeply rational but I don't know if it's yet emotional.
