# Your Why Defines Everything

**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdnDx1yLgJM

**Channel:** Simon Sinek

---

## Transcript

 There's no such thing as a why going wrong, right?  You don't have a work why and a personal why  and your why doesn't change ever, right?  We are the sum totals of how we were raised.  Like you are who you are based on the experiences  you had as a kid and I am who I am based on the experiences  I had as I'm a kid and that's what makes me me.  Now, the rest of my life offers me choices  to even live consistently and act consistently  with who I am or not.  And if I start becoming obsessed with fame and fortune,  for example, and I make decisions,  my friends will say to me, it's like,  I don't know who you are anymore, right?  And so, what you're saying is when your why goes wrong,  what you're saying is you started making decisions  and you've actually let go of the why  as a filter for decision-making.  You're making decisions for different or wrong reasons.  That's usually more common  because you only have one why and it lasts your whole life.  And if the why truly is changeable,  then it's probably poorly articulated.  And by the way, it's the same for companies.  A why fundamentally is an origin story.  That's basically what it is.  Like your why is your origin story,  my why is my origin story.  The company's the same.  Like why was this company founded?  Cause you read an article in Ink Magazine,  you're like, I'm gonna start a company.  Those companies don't do well, right?  When you're just chasing opportunity.  Why, what went wrong in your life  or somebody else's life that you decided  to take the risk of overwhelming failure  as opposed to just getting a job?  Because you believed so fundamentally  that the solution didn't exist,  that you had to build it yourself.  What's the origin story?  The Disney origin story.  Walt Disney started his company in a time  after war and depression,  where people were stressed  and he gave them a place to go and escape  the stresses of the world  through the movies and then through Disneyland.  That's why there's a magical place.  And it's a class list,  the rich and the poor hang out at Disneyland.  And we leave, and you go read the inscription  that was written in 1955 or whatever it was  that's outside Disneyland.  Behind these gates, you will find da-da-da  and leave behind.  It's all true to this day.  It's an origin story.  And like people, when companies forget  where they come from,  the business tends to go sideways  because they're chasing the wrong things.  We saw it and we see it regularly.  Michael Eisner, on his second half, his tenure,  he became obsessed with world domination.  Disney went off the rails, right?  Steve Ballmer became obsessed with beating Apple  and forgot the cause  that that company was obsessed with productivity  and helping people be more productive in the world.  And that company couldn't hire talent  and they kept losing talent  and they went off the rails.  You see it time and time again.  Fortunately, both those companies were wealthy enough  to stay in business until a better leader came along.  Not all companies are wealthy enough  to withstand a bad leader.  And so if the why truly is wrong  or we had to change from that way to this way,  it probably was poorly articulated to start with.  And it was probably based on the product.  A why has nothing to do.  My why is to inspire people to do the things  that inspire them so together  each of us can change our world for the better.  It doesn't tell you how I do it  and it doesn't tell you what I do.  That's the flexibility part.  All companies are the same.  All companies are the same.  If your why has your product in it, it's not your why.  It's just a statement of product.
